Mo Yan
Why didn't you see Grandma Zhao?
Grandma is not feeling well
Say it's late.
Three Families United Chamber of Commerce
Ten groups
All the top family consortia in Beihai Province have arrived
The face of the Zhao family is not small.
How can the Zhao family still have face today?
They all took the opportunity to come to the bottom
Once an opportunity is found
Immediately transformed into a wolf tiger
Tear off a piece of meat from the Zhao family
Precisely because of this
There must be no fatigue in this banquet
Hahaha, Mr. Sun, Mr. Li
Thank you for coming.
Our Zhao and Li families are the perspective
You're too kind.
I heard that you will be the heroine of Director Zhang's new department
And became the spokesperson of more than a dozen big brands
Amazing.
Later, we must be fine.
A toast to future international superstars
Mr. Sun, you are in love
Brother is not good
Someone hit the bodyguard at the door and broke in
Xiao Wuji, how dare you?
How dare you trespass into my Zhao family birthday banquet
I'm here to congratulate Grandma Zhao on her birthday
The person at the door is not allowed in
So I broke into the cabin.
And you talk less nonsense
We didn't invite you.
Why let you in?
I see you were rejected by Mu Yan
He has been making trouble since he held a grudge
Somebody take this bold little dad
Three, kick me out
Wait a minute.
Xiao Wuji, you are so entangled
It will only make me hate you more
You didn't hear what I told you before
Okay, I'm in front of everyone now
I tell you solemnly
I am Zhao's mother
I don't want you anymore.
You don't want Wuji brother, I want